do not
warning
talk about this goal congratulations
fulfilled already the first one that is what
you wanted another course
we had three options of opportunities
we do not want to let the first one escape
at the end we 're going
We have not only wanted to take it as a
final the match has started has already seen
with many long delayed by the subject
from the public
and now it has been a bit of a match
rough because it was very windy
they forced us to play long
we were not just going to play long
and the important thing today was to compete
he has put them on the ball with the goals
corner and the truth is that they will be is
an incredible joy immense power
toast him
that fourth place the possibility of playing
the level and the champions for all that
people who have come here all the people
who is in his house and all the people who
it has gone everywhere
tension mask that you enjoy it not
believe do not believe it is true that
we were all tense because we are not
that will resume yes but we are not
In the glory
I have no doubt it is true that
it's good that we knew that the radio
was in a good dynamic and what
we wanted was
assert our need and good what
we have gotten the truth is that I come back
to say for a team like the athletic
being behind Real Madrid
athletic of madrid that are the
finalists of champions and then the barça
it's an extraordinary triumph and much more
me what has a lot more merit a little
by
for the special that I knew that
has our our club at the end
he has decided
the club our club a philosophy
different that has more difficulties
to find players and we have
that together we have to fight a lot
I have much more to be together and
well also a way to show that
there is another way to compete that also
It is valid
good is ernesto iván gonzález de la
agency france presse
now that the goal is accomplished but
well there are two days left in both
Spain as in the rest of the leagues
European more will you be pending
or have any possible equipment for the
previous of champions you would like
field will give them but always
questions now should I say any
really for everyone it is a success
incredible to be in that previous one I do not know what
what can happen or what equipment can
be now now we will start to notice
I know that
that always seems that out of the corner of someone's eye
he's always looking to see what points
has one what points has another and I
I have always resisted that because
for me the most important thing first is
finish things now that we have already
finished then we can devote ourselves to that
and we have two days left
to put us return trying
add as many points as possible and the
want to leave a record of what is
able to make this equipment
we see that you are free of the shower
ernesto you hear the screams in the background
the photograph and inside
I hope to free myself do not talk too loudly
if I do not have other clothes so I do not
he
of the staff that has estimated this year
everyone here even some who had
the season of god started
because you have made this decision and what
we can say of all of them
because that is our strength that is
reality
The strength of the team is the union that
there within the group definitely
some the best the one of sense as soon as
to the group in terms of push as to
unions in terms of group cohesion
the best team that coach and in that
meaning let's go I had no doubt that
they have to be all together because
because he wanted to give importance to
party and because I know all that to
we are pushed and in the end that is the
our key and that there are other teams
who surely have
good players as much level
great signings we friends have
we have very high level players we have
good big signings but apart from
that over we have what pushes us
which is the internal cohesion of the group
I did not want to miss the opportunity
everyone is created today
and of the people
you knew that many would come, I do not know if
you knew that so many who are going to push
I had doubts that the party was going to be
so in terms of environments the ray
Vallecano is in a situation
enviable after what he has done in
this second round
they are optimistic they always
they have a mind here
we our people already know that
for an appointment of this kind I was not going to
fail to come here
well all those who could and
it really has been awesome and we're going
annotate
it's a big part of the field ours and
that still demanded more
responsibility
how are you going to manage the last two
days being that the
target with rotations
I do not know
17 I decide I do not know right now but the
I really do not think about it
but good that I will think
good night, this is what you think
value enough on the part of a part
of hobby what have you got this
year with the athletic I do not know
I do not know but come on it's not a matter
that I worry too much
I feel very valued I feel very
Dear
we go as far as from internally and
externally you are not satisfied
I suppose you are satisfied with him with
the team with the coach with the new
field with everything
the small part that we already know
that all of us are dependent on the
results but but good work
is there and in that sense I feel
very supported
very good gentlemen